What? Students, we have only three teachers to educate us.
Education is no longer good, and Jiangsu education will become the most valuable.
The enemy can fight for hundreds of years.
If Su Zi really does it, Hu Hua will become a citizen of Qingzhou even more.
One percent of the towering gatherings.
Can leave the gun cart
Play some tricks
Let something go
Leave some friends alone
Most of my people
I am often teased by a little treasurer, Gu Ziye Qiu
This is the ice altar where you came as a group
What do you think we should do? Is this right?
You'd better feel a little sad.
Then you can only get tired of it if you come here
You're not here to cause trouble
Even if you go out and about on weekdays,
Now in front of Su Laoye’s leaves
It can't be said that there are three guns.
These three were made by me,
Okay, I see you are passing by.
Who wouldn’t want to, right?
Quite an official, but at both ends,
I belong to the hat and come back, all collected and the ground is strong
Are you trying to piss me off?
Oh, it belongs to my people, right?
At this time, your child will not be able to survive.
Didn’t the Ministry of Commerce call just now to tell you?
That piece of land is a big one, yes, it depends on our feet.
I'm not telling a lie
He said if you are true
If my group watched it as an episode
I want to call you daddy
The thin piece of land is about to come back from the dead
What did I stay at in the end?